#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
alembic==1.14.1
    # via optuna
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==25.1.0
    # via visions
bleach==6.2.0
    # via kaggle
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   opendatasets
    #   pip-tools
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via hyperopt
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dacite==1.9.2
    # via ydata-profiling
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fonttools==4.55.3
    # via matplotlib
future==1.0.0
    # via hyperopt
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via ydata-profiling
hyperopt==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via requests
imagehash==4.3.1
    # via
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
imbalanced-learn==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via ydata-profiling
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   mlxtend
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
kaggle==1.6.17
    # via opendatasets
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
lightgbm==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.3.9
    # via alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlxtend
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   wordcloud
    #   ydata-profiling
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mlxtend==0.23.4
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multimethod==1.12
    # via
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   hyperopt
    #   visions
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   hyperopt
    #   imagehash
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlxtend
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   phik
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   visions
    #   wordcloud
    #   xgboost
    #   ydata-profiling
opendatasets==0.1.22
    # via -r requirements.in
optuna==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   matplotlib
    #   optuna
    #   plotly
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlxtend
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
patsy==1.0.1
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
phik==0.12.4
    # via ydata-profiling
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
    #   wordcloud
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
plotly==5.24.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
py4j==0.10.9.9
    # via hyperopt
pyarrow==19.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via ydata-profiling
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via ipython
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via kaggle
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.8.0
    # via imagehash
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   optuna
    #   ydata-profiling
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   ydata-profiling
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   mlxtend
    #   sklearn-compat
scipy==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hyperopt
    #   imagehash
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   mlxtend
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
    #   xgboost
    #   ydata-profiling
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   hyperopt
    #   kaggle
    #   python-dateutil
sklearn-compat==0.1.3
    # via imbalanced-learn
sqlalchemy==2.0.38
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
sympy==1.13.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via plotly
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   hyperopt
    #   kaggle
    #   opendatasets
    #   optuna
    #   ydata-profiling
traceml==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   matplotlib-inline
typeguard==4.4.1
    # via ydata-profiling
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typeguard
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
visions[type-image-path]==0.7.6
    # via ydata-profiling
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
wordcloud==1.9.4
    # via ydata-profiling
xgboost==2.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
ydata-profiling==4.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
